README.md, before:

# Description

[Arbitrary] Instances for [Network][network-category] Types

# Getting Started

Documentation is available on [Hackage].  A great guide to [QuickCheck] is
<https://begriffs.com/posts/2017-01-14-design-use-quickcheck.html>.

# Reporting Issues

Any issues discovered should be recorded on [github][issues].  If you believe
you've found an error or have a suggestion for a new feature; please, ensure
that it is reported.

If you would like to contribute a fix or new feature; please, submit a pull
request.  This project follows [git flow] and utilizes [travis] to automatically
check pull requests before a manual review.

# Contributors

The `COPYRIGHT` file contains a list of contributors with their respective
copyrights and other information.  If you submit a pull request and would like
attribution; please, add yourself to the `COPYRIGHT` file.

[Arbitrary]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/QuickCheck/docs/Test-QuickCheck-Arbitrary.html#t:Arbitrary
[git flow]: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
[Hackage]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/network-arbitrary
[Haskell]: https://www.haskell.org/
[issues]: https://github.com/alunduil/network-arbitrary/issues
[network-category]: https://hackage.haskell.org/packages/#cat:Network
[QuickCheck]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/QuickCheck
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/alunduil/network-arbitrary

Commit message:

Add disclaimer about code being my own.

README.md, after:

# Description

[Arbitrary] Instances for [Network][network-category] Types

I am providing code in the repository to you under an open source license.
Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code is
from me and not my employer (Facebook).

# Getting Started

Documentation is available on [Hackage].  A great guide to [QuickCheck] is
<https://begriffs.com/posts/2017-01-14-design-use-quickcheck.html>.

# Reporting Issues

Any issues discovered should be recorded on [github][issues].  If you believe
you've found an error or have a suggestion for a new feature; please, ensure
that it is reported.

If you would like to contribute a fix or new feature; please, submit a pull
request.  This project follows [git flow] and utilizes [travis] to automatically
check pull requests before a manual review.

# Contributors

The `COPYRIGHT` file contains a list of contributors with their respective
copyrights and other information.  If you submit a pull request and would like
attribution; please, add yourself to the `COPYRIGHT` file.

[Arbitrary]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/QuickCheck/docs/Test-QuickCheck-Arbitrary.html#t:Arbitrary
[git flow]: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
[Hackage]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/network-arbitrary
[Haskell]: https://www.haskell.org/
[issues]: https://github.com/alunduil/network-arbitrary/issues
[network-category]: https://hackage.haskell.org/packages/#cat:Network
[QuickCheck]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/QuickCheck
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/alunduil/network-arbitrary
